Agile Sprinters (Group 8)

Minutes of the Third Backlog Refinement Meeting

Monday, 10 May 2021 (12:30 – 12:50):
The Third Backlog Refinement Meeting with the Development Team and Scrum Master was held online on 10 May 2021 at 12:30 p.m.

Attendance:
o Scrum Development Team: Abdullah Haffejee, Bhavik Govan, Colin Hugo, Jemma Sundelson, Kayla Levy, Rushil Patel, Tristen Haverly
o Scrum Master: Sonia Bullah

Final User Stories:
1. As a user, I want to be able to edit my profile page and change my profile picture so that other users will be able to see my profile picture next to my username when they message me. 
2. As a user, I want to be able to see that other users have received and seen my messages so that I know the message has been delivered successfully. 
3. As a user, I want to be able to select the image I wish to send to another user and be taken to a new screen so that I have the option to view the image that I will be sending before I actually click the 'send' button.  
4. As a user, I want to be able to send and receive messages with a text caption so that I can add a description to the image and understand what other users are trying to message me about. 
5. As a user, I want to be able to select and send multiple images with or without captions so that I can send images at one go without having to repeat the process, which may become a bit time consuming. 
6. As a user, I want to be able to see the correct time that a message was sent or received so that I know how long ago I sent a message to another user or received a certain message from a user.  

Responsibilities:
It was decided that the group would pair program on the following aspects:
o User Story 1: Jemma and Tristen
o User Story 2: Jemma and Tristen
o User Story 3: Kayla, Sonia, Bhavik and Abdullah
o User Story 4: Kayla, Sonia, Bhavik and Abdullah
o User Story 5: Kayla, Sonia, Bhavik and Abdullah
o User Story 6: Kayla
o Code Coverage and Unit Testing: Rushil and Colin

Other Important Aspects:
o The group will assign points to each user story on Taiga and the six user stories will be split into various tasks for the group to work on. 

Adjournment:
With there being no further discussion points regarding the product backlog items, the meeting was adjourned at 12:50 p.m.
