Agile Sprinters (Group 8)Minutes of the First Sprint Planning MeetingTuesday, 30 March 2021 (09:45 Ð 10:09):The First Sprint Planning Meeting with the Client, Development Team and Scrum Master was held online on 30 March 2021 at 09:45 a.m.Attendance:o Client: Mr Rylan Perumalo Scrum Development Team: Abdullah Haffejee, Bhavik Govan, Colin Hugo, Jemma Sundelson, Kayla Levy, Rushil Patel, Tristen Haverlyo Scrum Master: Sonia BullahDecision Regarding The Project Topic:Mr Perumal explained what the Social Media/Market Place Clone Project topic entailed and mentioned that it would be a very UI focused project. The team decided that we should either create an Instagram Clone Project or a WhatsApp Clone Project. After a team vote, it was decided that the team would develop a WhatsApp Clone Project. User Stories:1. Implement a sign-in feature for existing users.2. Implement a sign-up feature for non-existent users that wish to register on the platform.3. Allow the user to see a list of chats that they are part of. This could be the home/landing page (Front-end: list of boxes with chat name and time of last chat; Back-end: many-to-many table of users logged in to the system or a contacts table for the user logged in with a messages table to store message data from the user that posts the message as well as the user that they are sending it to).Other Important Aspects:Create a database table to store username, passwords and phone numbers. Ensure that passwords are not stored in plain text. They should either be encrypted or hashed. User Stories for The Backlog (to be completed during the next sprint):1. Chats, status, calls, search bar, settings (3 dots) as well as any other functionality elements. 2. Be able to click on a certain chat that will take you to the relevant chat, which allows you to view all previous chats.3. Be able to send messages.4. Be able to receive messages (this will require some sort of a trigger in the database).Possible Platforms to Use:React Native was suggested as a good platform for both Android and iOS users, as this would make the project a very versatile application. The team will also need an online database for the application to interact with. Suggested online databases include 000 Hosting (MySQL database), the team can also use key-based databases instead of relational databases.Adjournment:With there being no further questions, the meeting was adjourned at 10:09 a.m.NOTE:1. Architecture diagrams will become more important as the sprint progresses. 2. Product must be able to work in a specified manner at the end of the sprint. 3. Messages include: texts, images, text with images(videos)